Talk with that and then try to be calm, peaceful, and relaxed, and not holding too much. Even those
turbulences of the conceptions are like moving through our space of the mind and then that happens
many times but trying to not hold too long time and let it go.
Let it go, let it calm, and let it go. Those are all known as signs of practitioners. That means we
are practicing, that we are not holding the emotions. We are not becoming practitioners of the
emotions. We are becoming practitioners of the bodhijala.
Some sort of being sentient beings are the practicing of the dualities, the practicing of the
emotions that always keep that activating, maintaining and holding and then that really that
keeping that. But being practicing is trying to not hold too long time.
Even the emotions arise that with the bodhijala, keep the meditation, keep the practices, keep some
good heart. That is the breath really, meaning of the Samayas and then talk with them for practice
and the Samahihi, or practice, you practices, all the dara, the hymsojaya practices, all the three
root practices, you practice, all those really, and so keep those practices with those thoughts and
then repeat these following lines as Samayas,
that I am going to keep exiling everything, that is the meaning of this. So, it will be these, I
think.